we begin with harrowing images and
testimonies obtained by Al jaaz from
inside a school in Northern Gaza
following an Israeli attack bodies of a
number of displaced Palestinians are
seen piled up inside the shadya Abu
gazela school that's west of the jabalia
refugee camp Witnesses say a number of
people including women children and
babies were killed execution Style by
Israeli forces while they were
Sheltering inside the school Witnesses
they did not find any evidence of
shelling or missile
attacks the Israeli soldiers came in and
open fired on them they took an old man
the Israeli soldiers stormed the school
took all the men then entered classrooms
and opened fire on a woman and all the
children with her even the newborn
babies among them she her husband and
her eight children together with her
cousin the Israeli soldiers executed
those innocent families at Point
Blank
the school buildings are totally
destroyed we found dozens of dead bodies
in the classrooms there is no sign of
any missiles or shells all those who
were in the buildings were executed from
point blank the Israeli soldiers opened
fire on them many families came
searching for their children they found
them all killed they were all killed
executed at
gunpoint mm is liess in southern Gaza so
hany some harrowing pictures and stories
that we're getting from that school in
Northern
Gaza yes has and some of the most
distressing uh images or videos coming
from Shad Abu gazala school that's a
school in the northern part of the Gaza
Strip in Al fuah District that's right
in the uh northern eastern side of of B
laa of Balia very close to B Laha City
but here is what what's going on for the
past weeks the Israeli military uh with
along with tanks and armored vehicles
been pushing deeper and deeper into uh
the northern part particularly into
jabalia uh under uh claiming that it's a
stronghold for Hamas Fighters and keep
pushing and destroying the vast majority
of the not only the residential
buildings but also uh the old public
facility including hospitals and and
other schools within the past few days
now what we are seeing coming from the
hospital this video despite the fact
that there are no signs of of air
strikes in on the school or or missiles
or or shells but it looks like the the
Just J judging from the the the the
images the the courtyard and the uh and
the the fence of the school and parts of
the building were were bulldozed uh but
what
this according to an eyewitness on the
ground who described that uh the when PE
when when people inside their homes uh
feared for their life as the there was a
surge in the air strikes and the
artillery Shillings they lift their
residential homes and took the school as
a shelter they were running for their
life in that school as the Israeli
military and their tanks were pushing
deeper into the city the air came under
complete uh closure by the isi military
now it's interesting to know that people
did not find about those bodies inside
the schools until the Israeli military
withdrew from the area they completely
pulled out from the area and they were
able to find out about these very
consistent with what we seen within the
past few weeks from the other schools
that were attacked where people were
runed up blindfolded and were taken to
undisclosed area but at this situation
people happened to be killed inside the
the the
classrooms and Hanny uh what are we
hearing uh about the latest fighting and
attacks elsewhere uh in the Gaza Strip
including Khan
Yunis well the three uh major uh areas
uh in which the fighting is is is taking
uh place in in a very very Fierce way
including khun City sha that's the
Eastern side of Gaza City as well as
jabalia refug G Cab it's interesting to
also point out that within the past few
days Israel military said that it needed
a little over a day to complete uh the
operation in jabalia but until now
things are still going on also in sh
they they stated they needed more than
just a couple days but what we saw
earlier this morning just an outcome of
an extreme clashes and fighting between
Hamas fighter Kasam fighters on the
ground and this really military in which
reports have been confirmed by this
Israeli military as well where at least
nine Soldier elite soldiers were killed
in in the fighting the fighting going on
it it's it's a street fighting a
Guerilla war from house to house Street
to street but fighters on the ground
were able to Ambush a group of elite
soldiers uh in in sh Eastern Gaza uh
City but in retaliation of that heavy
mbar in a mass Relentless air strike uh
just d destroying the vast majority of
the neighborhood similar situation
taking place in eastern khun as well as
the central part of of
khun hany Mahmud life for in southern
Gaza thank you